adds description, ingestion architecture and testing steps in README (#21)
hypertrace/hypertrace-view-generator: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hypertrace/hypertrace-view-generator.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/hypertrace/hypertrace-view-generator)

This repository contains Hypertrace view creator bootstrap job and Hypertrace view generation streaming job.

## Description

| ![space-1.jpg](https://hypertrace-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/ingestion-pipeline.png) | 
|:--:| 
| *Hypertrace Ingestion Pipeline* |

> Hypertrace view creator is a bootstrap job that runs ones and created required views in pinot which involves `spanEventView`, `serviceCallView`, `backendEntityView`, `rawServiceView`, `rawTraceView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hypertrace view creator is a bootstrap job that runs once and creates required views in pinot -  `spanEventView`, `serviceCallView`, `backendEntityView`, `rawServiceView`, `rawTraceView`.
```

> Ones this views are there in pinot, Hypertrace view generator takes enriched traces which [Hypertrace trace enricher](https://github.com/hypertrace/hypertrace-trace-enricher) pushed to kafka and materializes them into pinot views. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these views are there in pinot, Hypertrace view generator consumes(from kafka) enriched traces produced by [Hypertrace trace enricher](https://github.com/hypertrace/hypertrace-trace-enricher), applies required filters, transformations and then materializes them into pinot views. 
```

> For example, Let's say we got a trace with 50 attributes After enrichement by Hypertrace trace enricher and `spanEventView` only needs 10 attributes so Hypertrace view generator will fill that view with only those 10 attributes.

Reviewer: Based on the above statement may be this example is redundant.
```suggestion
```

## Building locally
`hypertrace-view-generator` uses gradlew to compile/install/distribute. Gradle wrapper is already part of the source code. To build `hypertrace-view-generator`, run:

```
./gradlew dockerBuildImages
```

## Testing

### Running unit tests
Run `./gradlew test` to execute unit tests. 

### Testing image

You can test the image you built after modification by running docker-compose or helm setup. 

#### docker-compose

> Change the tag for `hypertrace-view-generatorr ` from `:main` to `:test` in [docker-compose file](https://github.com/hypertrace/hypertrace/blob/main/docker/docker-compose.yml) like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the tag for `hypertrace-view-generator ` from `:main` to `:test` in [docker-compose file](https://github.com/hypertrace/hypertrace/blob/main/docker/docker-compose.yml) like this.
```
